# iTunes-AppleMusic-Playlist-Convert
The purpose of this script is to convert your playlists from iTunes or Apple Music to be compatible with another media player, such as Strawberry on Linux. It changes the directories in the playlists to match where your songs are.

## Important Notes
- I made this script since I couldn't find another that did what I wanted to do reliably. This is my attempt at making that script, and it's not perfect. It's a personal project, but I'm always looking for ways to improve my code, so feel free to leave recommendations!
- This has only been tested using the Strawberry player on Arch and m3u files generated by Apple Music on Mac.
- When converting to Windows, you would have to change the slashes to the opposite direction.
- Two of my songs failed to convert. I figured out one song did not exist, but I am unsure what caused that issue.
- I took inspiration from this site https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-search-and-replace-text-in-a-file-in-python/. So shout out to this article for helping me do this.
- If you use Apple Music and download your music as lossless audio, this tool will not work. This audio is downloaded in the HLS format rather than the m4a format. HLS is not playable on linux as far as I know, so when downloading music from Apple Music be sure that you are downloading the regular High Quality audio.

## Instructions
1. Edit the python file and change the strings search and replace to match the directories you are changing from and to. Search should be the path of the songs from your starting operating system, and replace should be the path you want to change to.
2. Make sure that the script is in a folder/location with the playlists you want to edit, then open the folder in the terminal.
3. Run the program by using this command if you are on Linux. If you are on another operating system, then run the script as you normally would on that OS.
```
python3 convert.py 
```
5. Enter the name of the playlist you want, including the file extension, and let the script do the rest.
6. Once the operation is complete, I would recommend going through and checking that everything is converted.
